README.md, before:

# legion_hacker

A collection of terminal tools for simple text colorization, TUI design and animation. May also give you hacking superpowers.

![legion hacker screeenshot](https://i.imgur.com/tLN4jOO.png)

[![legion hacker video capture](https://i.imgur.com/222l1UE.png)](https://i.imgur.com/RSNMTsB.mp4)

Credit to [cool-retro-term](https://github.com/Swordfish90/cool-retro-term) for the cool retro look.

## Features / Plans:

* A collection or Ruby modules, classes to aide in easy, quick terminal interfaces. Could be useful for fancy prompts and other shell enhancements like zsh widgets.

* Support for True color RGB, HSV, HSL colorspaces. RGB colors can be defined in familiar hex or decimal formats.

* Support for standard ANSI and xterm-256color.

* A collection of pre-made widgets such as progress bars, menus, meters, gradients, column printing etc.

* A C binary to do quick terminal colorization and gradients.

## Get Started

To become a legion_hacker, launch the `hack` executable:

```
$ ruby bin/hack
```

### Development

To install development dependencies:
```
$ bundle install
```

Linting and style check can be done using `rubocop` via `rake`

```
$ rake
```

### Troubleshooting

If you get errors, ensure that you have the necessary dependencies
```
$ gem list --local | grep bundler || gem install bundler
$ gem list --local | grep rake || gem install rake
$ bundle install
```

Commit message:

First Changes since Fork ~ Added tty-prompt gem ~ Fixed mislaligned text bug (I think) by removing UTF-8 skulls ~ Updated README somewhat ~~ Included better troubleshooting that may be helpful for gems not installing properly ~~ Credited original author ~~ Other structural edits ~ If you really read all the way through this commit message, comment "despacito" below the repository and follow my github if you want to see more projects that are unfinished

README.md, after:

# legion_hacker
Forked from [cbbuntz/legionhacker](https://github.com/cbbuntz/legion_hacker)

A collection of terminal tools for simple text colorization, TUI design and animation. May also give you hacking superpowers.


![legion hacker screeenshot](https://i.imgur.com/tLN4jOO.png)

## Features / Plans:

* Create a CLI Menu to various hacking options
* Allow user control of program flow or automated flow

## Get Started

Launch the `hack` executable:

```
$ ruby bin/hack
```

### Development

To install development dependencies:
```
$ bundle install
```

Linting and style check can be done using `rubocop` via `rake`

```
$ rake
```

### Troubleshooting

If you get errors, ensure that you have the necessary dependencies
```
$ gem list --local | grep bundler || gem install bundler
$ gem list --local | grep rake || gem install rake
$ bundle install
```

External Linux packages are needed for ```bundler``` to install the dependencies. If you get an error when running bundler, use this command on your distro:

####Ubuntu/Debian/DPKG
```clickhouse
$ sudo apt-get install make gcc ruby-dev
```

####Fedora 
```clickhouse
$ dnf install make gcc ruby-dev
```
OR
```clickhouse
$ yum install make gcc ruby-dev
```

####Arch (btw I use arch lol)
```clickhouse
$ #Will update just lazy xD
```
